Welcome
learn condom poker points the pot counted on
where we will learn to play poker
today we will learn about the hands of little
high card
if you do not even have a partner
then you look how tall is the letter you have
been players when arriving at soldier have no partner or better hand the one that has
the highest card
Is the winner
a couple consists of two cards of the same rank
since the poker hand is always composed of five cards
the others of cardoso the calls kicker
In case the players have the same partner, find out if they have more
kicker
double couple
the double pair of course is made up of two parents
been players have
double couple
the one with the highest rank
if they have the highest couple equal the younger couple
determine
who is the winner
as always the fifth letter
it is composed of three cards of the same rank
been players
they have the same three letters
then the other letters
there were both letters determine the winner
since the hand to poker always consists of five cards
stairs
It consists of five consecutive charges
been players have stairs
the one with the ladder with the highest cards
5 thistle elmo color
been players has a color then the player with the highest card
it's the cattle
she was daughter
a combination games
of three equal cards and a couple
been players has a full cobos
then the player with three highest cards
Is the winner
if they have the same three letters
the older couple makes a difference
There are four cards of the same rank
for example
four kings
been young have
the one with the highest rank ghana
if both have the same rank the player with the fifth highest card
spectrum
since the hand to poker consists of five
colored ladder
the second best hand in poker
the color scale
It consists of five consecutive cards of the same color
been players has a straight flush
the one with the highest range card
Royal flush
is the strongest hand in poker
10 j queen king iu plus all the same color
for example of spades
I hope you have been useful
dear was close to the poker hand
to learn more visit in learn with a little control or spot dot com
where we will learn to play poker leno very sexy way